In this video I want to talk about two
things.
How to set your working directory and how
to edit R code files in Windows.
So you can see I've got R started up here
and the first
thing you're going to want to do is figure
out what your working directory is.
Because the working directory is where R
finds all of
its files for reading and for writing on
your computer.
So you can find out what your working
directory
is currently set to be by using the getWD
function.
You can see its said to be c colon slash
user slash rdpeng slash documents.
This may differ on your computer depending
on what version of Windows you're using
and,
and what hardware you're using but there
will
be some directory probably on your c
drive.
Now it, the reason why it's important to
know and to
set your working directory, is because
when you read data or when
you write things out, using functions like
Read or Write CSV
they will be read or written to your home,
your working directory.
So for example if I do something like
read.csv I want to the read let's say
mydata.csv.
If the file is not in my working directory
you'll get an error one
that looks much like this because it can't
find the file in the working directory.
So one possibility is that you can, if you
know where
this file is, you can move it to your
working directory.
Or you can change your working directory
to be wherever this file happens to be.
So I can go to the file menu here and
choose Change dir.
And I'm going to go into my local disk
here, go to users, RD Peng.
And I'll go to my desktop here.
So now if I type DIR, I'll get a list of
the files that are on my desktop here.
You can see that, oh, lo and behold, here
is my mydata.csv file.
So now I can see read.csv and then
mydata.csv.
You can see that the data will be printed
to the
console because now it can find the file
in my working directory.
So one nice thing, one thing that I
suggest that you do for this course is
perhaps
create a single directory or single folder
where you
can put all of your materials for the
course.
And not have to worry about them being
scattered all over the place.
Anytime you download something from the
website or
create a new file it's probably best to
store
it all in one folder so that you don't
have to be searching all over for it.
That way you can always set your working
directory to be that,
to be that directory and not have to worry
about changing it.
So I'm going to minimize R here for a
second.
I'm going to create a folder on the
desktop, called I'll just call it
Coursera.
And then I'm going to use this folder for
everything that I do in this course.
So if I go back to R here, I can say
change working directory again, Change
dir, and go to Local Disk.
Users RD Peng.
Now this folder is on my desktop, so
Desktop, and then it's Coursera here.
So now if I say getwd and see
the working directory has changed to this
Coursera folder.
So one of the things you're going to have
to do
a lot of in the class is to write R code.
In order to write R code, you'll need to
be able to use a text editor.
Luckily R comes with a rudimentary text
editor
which will be definitely sufficient for
this course.
So you can load up the text editor by
going to File and saying New Script.
And this will give you a blank window that
you can use to write R code.
So I'm going to write a simple function
here.
It's going to be myFunction.
It's not going to take any arguments.
And all it's going to do, it's going to
simulate some normal random variables.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
And then it's going to take the mean of
those guys.
Alright.
So this is a simple function.
Now the question is how do I get this R
code
into my R console so that I can actually
use the function?
because you'll notice that I go into the R
console here.
I type myFunction.
It's the, I can't find the function
because I haven't loaded it into R yet.
If I type LS, you'll see that there's
nothing in my workspace right now.
Because I haven't loaded any R code into
there.
So how do I get the R code into the R
console?
Well there's two ways if you just have a
little bit of
code like this function over here, I can
click into my R editor.
And just hit Ctrl+A to select all and then
Ctrl+C to copy.
Then I click back into the console and I
can hit Ctrl+V to paste.
Now I've just pasted the code into R and
you'll see that if I
type LS I've got my myFunction there, I
can execute it by just calling it.
And you'll see it'll give you the mean of
100 random normal var random variables.
If I do it again, it'll give me a slightly
different number because it'll simulate a
different set of numbers.
The other thing you can do is go into my R
editor and you can go to the File menu.
Then you click Save As.
So now if you save you can hit save as you
can save
the file into your Coursera folder here
which I'm going to do right now.
And you can save it as whatever name you
want.
So I'm going to call it my Code.r.
.r is conventional for the extension.
So now if I type DIR, excuse me in my
console window here, you'll see that
there's a file called mycode.r and you can
load this into R using the source
function.
So I can say mycode, .r.
And that loads the, all the code that is
in this file.
Of course, that's just the myFunction, so
I haven't done anything new here.
But let's say I want to add another
function here.
We'll say second for my second function.
And it'll take an argument x.
And it'll take the x, and it'll add, a
little bit of noise to it.
So, with, with the R norm function.
Okay, so now, I've got two functions here.
I can save my file with this little disk
icon.
Or I can go to file men-, the File menu,
and hit Save.
And I'm going to source this file again.
Now when I type LS, you'll see that I've
got this second function there, and I type
second.
Let's say four.
I get a number that four plus little bit
of random noise.
So if I get four again I'll say the same
thing will happen.
I can say four through ten.
And it'll give me each one of those
numbers
with a little bit of random noise added
on.
So that's how I edit code and that's how I
load the code into R.
Every time you edit your file in the
editor you have to save it.
And then if you want that code to be
available in R you
have to use the source function to source
that file back into R.
You don't have to use a single file.
You can add a new file.
So you can say New Script.
It'll open another window.
You can save this to be a different file
if you want
so that way you can separate
code for different projects or different
assignments.
If you close the file here, you can always
open it back up again
by hitting Op, the Open button and you can
see myCode is right there.
And if I open it up, you'll see you'll
have all your code right back there again.
So that's how you edit code in R there's,
now there's many other
text editors that you might see on the web
that you can download.
And those are fine to use but they're not
really necessary.
The text editor that comes with R should
be sufficient for this course.